This must be weird for you.
I mean, watching Dylan go
through this with someone else.
Actually, it's kind of a relief.
Now I know he's gonna be okay.
I don't have to worry
about him anymore
because he has somebody.
You think they're gonna make it?
I hope so.
For both of them.
She seems as lonely as he is.
You're right.
You know, I mean,
we've only known Toni
for what, a couple of months?
And here we're here helping
her pick out her wedding gown
and planning her
bachelorette party.
Well, I think we will all know
Toni a lot better after tonight.
It's hard not to like her.
I mean, she's so sweet.
And beautiful.
It fits.
I can't believe they
got it done so quickly.
- You are going to be a beautiful
bride. - Thank you.
I hope you guys don't mind
not coming to the wedding.
But Dylan wanted it
to be private.
That's Dylan.
And we will all be
there at the reception.
And for the rest of our lives.
Let's go.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
You rang?
Everything taken care of?
All set.
I've got two
of my best men on it.
It'll look like
a break-in burglary
and the McKay kid
was just stupid
and got in the way.
Just make sure your daughter's
out of his house by 5:30.
I don't want to hear another
word about this until it's done.
You understand?
You got it.
Hello, lovebird.
Hey, guys,
what are you doing here?
Well, there's
a kidnapping going on.
And you guys are the victims.
That's right, Dylan,
you're going to your own
bachelor party.
And you're coming with us,
the bachelorettes.
Wait a minute.
We've got...
We've got a lot to do tonight.
No. No arguing.
It's a kidnapping, remember?
Besides, it's bad luck
to spend the last night
before your wedding together.
You guys will probably
fight anyways.
I'm going with them.
You do what you want.
What about your father?
It's a kidnapping.
You heard them.
I'm sure he'll understand.
Bye!
See you later!
You heard the lady.
Boy, do we have an evening
planned for you.
I got a bottle of scotch
that's been nesting
since before we were born.
Is that the kid?
Yeah.
What the hell is this?
Guess no one told him
he was supposed
to get bumped off.
So much for the best laid plans.
Yeah.
Hey, I'll flip you
for who's got to call Marchette.
And a little iced tea
for our friend over here.
Don't worry, it still
looks like the real stuff.
I'd like to make
the first toast.
- Yes, sir, go ahead.
- Thank you. Dylan,
one of us had to go down first
and I for one am glad it's you.
At least it gives the rest of us
mortals a chance with the women,
right, guys?
- Absolutely.
- Sure.
In all seriousness,
Dylan, we've been buddies
since kindergarten.
All the years I've known you,
this is actually the first time
I've ever seen you look happy.
May the long road of marriage
treat you well, my friend.
Nostro v ia.
Chi n- chi n.
Cheers.
Mmm!
That's good.
I had some crazy things planned
for this bachelor party.
I had these two twins,
Georgia and Georgette...
- Oh, yeah?
- the things they could do
with a feed bag and a farm
animal... incredible.
Sounds great, Steve,
but you must have me mistaken
for some other bachelor.
Well, that's okay,
'cause Walsh nixed the plans
- when he saw the Polaroids.
- Hey, the only reason
I ixnayed all that stuff
is because our
good buddy Dylan here
has done everything.
Twice.
So, would you guys
shut up and deal the cards?
Never in one night.
I wonder what the chicks
are doing right now?
Well, they're probably on
their third cup of Sleepytime,
discussing the value
of Oriental fabrics.
Whoo...!
This is so much fun, you guys!
Whoo-hoo!
Too bad Valerie had
to leave to go to work.
Oh, don't worry,
she hand-picked them.
Okay, guys, Davidoffs,
the best, take one.
I've never smoked a cigar
before.
Uh, hand one of those to me.
I was trying to light
the stupid thing.
Got it?
Got it.
Donna, if your mom
could see you now.
Why, why do you have to bring
my mom up at a time like this,
when I'm having fun?
Are you trying
to ruin something?
What's the deal
with your mom, anyway?
What was that picture
you saw of her?
I don't know.
I don't even really
want to know.
I'm just glad
that she's in Europe.
And let's talk about
something else, baby!
Okay, pass the champagne.
Yeah.
I've got to tell you guys,
I am having a fabulous time.
And guys think they have
the market cornered
on a good stripper
and a good cigar.
We've come a long way, girls.
Whoo-hoo!
No...!
Yeah?
There's a problem. He, uh...
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
What do you mean,
there's a problem?
He took off with his friends.
Well, I trusted you to take care
of this, Ronnie.
If you can't take care of this,
I'll get someone who can.
I'll take care of it.
Don't you knock?
Sorry.
Where's Toni?
- She was supposed to be here
an hour ago. - She called.
A bunch of her friends came by
and took her
to a bachelorette party.
You know how kids are.
Yeah, fine.
Listen, if it's okay with you,
I told Toni I'd pick her up
and drive her
to the wedding tomorrow.
Fine, fine.
We got a big day tomorrow.
Gonna watch our
little girl get married.
Who'd have thought, huh?
Yeah.
Big day.
Good night, Bruno.
Good night, boss.
All right, one more hand,
for your bike.
Okay, you're on.
I still can't believe it, man.
You getting married.
You better get used to it,
Brando.
I got a new life.
What about the old man?
Is he gonna live with this?
To tell you the truth,
I don't care about the old man.
I never will.
Then you'd better hope
he dies young.
Thought crossed my mind.
If I were you,
I'd stop thinking like that.
And in case you're having
any second thoughts,
I never met a woman in my life
more worth it
than your future wife.
I hear you loud and clear.
Gin.
I guess that means
you get to keep your bike.
I guess.
You're the best friend
I ever had, Brandon.
Thanks.
Clare, will you get
the extra blankets?
Looks like everyone's
sleeping here.
All right, I'm on it.
I told Bruno to pick me up
in the morning.
Thank you so much
for letting me stay.
Mm, no problem.
You plan on getting
dressed here anyway.
Who in God's name is that?
I got it.
Hey.
I saw the lights still on.
Um, you're not really
welcome here anymore, Ray.
Sorry, you'd better go.
Donna, please. I need to talk.
So talk.
It's okay.
Okay, I'm gonna go to bed.
Me, too.
Good night.
Look, I've been
in therapy twice a week.
Good.
You need it.
Put yourself
in my shoes, all right?
I miss you.
I miss your friends.
You miss my friends?
Ray, the whole time
we were together,
all I ever heard is how much
you hated my friends.
Now you love them?
Look, I know I was selfish,
but I do not deserve this.
Look, if you'll excuse me,
I have to get back
to my guests.
Can I just come in
for a minute, please?
I need to spend
some time with you.
Do you want me to slam
the door in your face?
Because I will.
Fine.
But I'm not giving up, Donna.
You're either gonna
start listening to me,
or I'm going to make
your life miserable.
I'm going to bed.
- Are you okay?
- You know, Kel,
I have been listening to him
sing the same tune
for weeks now.
I'm used to it.
Good night, Donna.
Good night.
What was that all about?
Don't ask.
Love gone wrong?
Something like that.
Thank you for tonight.
It's something that
I'll always remember.
We all had a good time.
Kelly, listen, I know that Dylan
doesn't have very many
connections in his life.
Barely any family to speak of.
Which, unfortunately,
is something
that we have in common.
I don't have very
much family either.
Well, you do now.
We're all Dylan's family
and now we're yours.
Thanks.
That means a lot to me.
Toni...
Brandon told me
about your father and Jack.
I'm glad that you both know.
Can I give you
some sisterly advice?
Sure.
Get as far away from here
as you can.
Yeah.
That's pretty much the idea.
Give me a hug.
Everything will be okay.
Just go. Don't look back.
Thank you for everything.
You're welcome.
Now go get some sleep.
You're getting married tomorrow.
Yes, I am.
Good night.
"January 10, 1975."
That's my birthday.
"Dear Antonia,
"This Bible has been
in our family for a long time.
"It was carried down the aisle
by me, my mother
"and her mother before that.
"Next it will be your turn.
Happy birthday. Love, Mother."
That's beautiful.
Yeah. I wish she could
be here right now,
but I'm sure glad
that I have this.
Well, you have something old.
And now... here.
Oh!
Something new.
Oh, these are beautiful!
Thanks.
It's from all of us.
Mmm! Smell.
Now for something borrowed.
I got it on my first Communion.
Donna, these are precious.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
And last but not least.
Oh, no.
Ta-dah!
Oh!
You guys.
Okay, here I go.
What do you think?
It fits.
You're all set.
Yeah, I guess I am,
except you guys have
to help me with my veil
after I get dressed?
Okay. All right.
- We'll put this away.
- All right.
Hey, buddy.
How you doing?
Oh, a little shaky.
What's that?
Telegram. Jim and Cindy
sent it from Hong Kong.
You want I should read it?
Yeah. Go ahead. Go ahead.
"Dear Dylan,
We couldn't be more proud
"if our own son
was getting married.
"We can't wait
to meet your new bride.
Have a wonderful life together.
Love, Jim and Cindy."
You know they're just glad I'm
not marrying Brenda, don't you?
Speaking of Brenda, I've got one
here from jolly olde England.
You want to hear it?
Sure. Why not? Hey.
The one you have on.
"Dear Dylan,
"She must be something
to get a ring on your finger.
"I guess this settles
"the Brenda-Kelly issue
once and for all.
"Sorry I can't be
there for your big day,
"but I want you to know,
even with an ocean between us,
"I will always love you.
Brenda."
Well, I appreciate you
telling her for me, Brandon.
I don't think
I could have done it.
Show time, buddy.
Yeah. I guess this is it, huh?
You know, it's not too late
to bail out on this.
I do have a small jet
warming its engines
on a runway in Burbank.
You're very funny, Bran.
Just doing my job as best man.
Well, to tell you the truth,
I've never felt better about
anything in my whole life.
Let's go.
Hello.
Hi. I'm Tony Marchette.
I believe my...
Daddy.
...my daughter is here.
Excuse me.
Antonia, you look beautiful.
The most beautiful bride
I've ever seen.
Thanks, Dad.
Um... Kelly, Donna,
this is my father.
- Hi.
Nice to meet you.
- Hello.
Uh... Could you excuse us
for a minute?
I'd love to talk
to my daughter alone.
- All right.
- Thanks.
Antonia.
We need to talk, please.
I don't want you to go
through with this wedding.
- What?
- I'm sorry.
I have to tell you what I want,
and what I know is best for you.
Daddy, please.
Don't do this to me now.
Do you want a lifetime
of misery? Because that's
what you're going to get.
I knew it was too good
to be true.
Everything you said
the other day,
it didn't mean anything, did it?
I can't let you
go through with this.
I can't let this man
take you away from me.
Well, you don't have a say
in the matter.
Now, I am begging you,
please accept this.
This marriage was made in hell,
and I will not
watch you go through with it.
You have made your hell...
and now you're going
to have to live in it.
Antonia, please.
Don't do this to me.
Please.
Toni, are you okay?
Yeah. I'm fine.
Well, if you need anything,
we're right inside.
I'll be okay. Thanks, Kelly.
Excuse me.
- Hi.
- I work for Mr. Marchette.
- Bruno.
- Toni, I'm sorry.
I tried to talk to him.
He would not listen.
Oh, Bruno,
what am I going to do?
Come on.
Dry up.
I'm walking you down that aisle.
What about my father?
He'll just have to catch a cab.
You're the most important
thing to me right now.
Thank you, Bruno.
Hey, Dylan, this
is kind of embarrassing,
but I've got another
service to perform
on the other side of town
in about an hour, so, uh...
Hold on.
Here she is.
Can we get started?
Absolutely.
Dearly beloved,
we are gathered together here
to celebrate the joining
together of these
two people in holy matrimony.
And what God
has brought together
let no man tear asunder.
Dylan, I believe
you and your bride
have some words for each other.
All my life,
people have told me
I was running away
from something.
I always felt
I was running to something.
I just didn't know
what that was until now.
I love you.
I always will.
You don't have
to run anymore, Dylan.
I'm going to be with you
for the rest of your life.
I love you
with all my heart and soul.
Can we have the rings, please?
Dylan, place the ring
on your bride's hand
and repeat after me.
I, Dylan Michael...
take thee, Antonia Elizabeth,
to be my lawful wedded wife.
take thee,
Antonia Elizabeth,
to be my lawful wedded wife.
To have and to hold,
in sickness and in health.
in sickness and in health,
for richer, for poorer...
for richer,
for poorer...
till death do us part.
till death
do us part.
Now, Antonia, take the ring
and place it
on Dylan's left hand,
and repeat after me.
I, Antonia Elizabeth,
take thee, Dylan Michael,
to be my lawful wedded husband.
I, Antonia Elizabeth,
take thee,
Dylan Michael,
to be my lawful
wedded husband.
To have and to hold,
in sickness and in health...
To have and to hold, in sickness
and in health...
for richer, for poorer...
for richer
or for poorer...
till death do us part.
till death
do us part.
Now, with the power vested to me
by the state of California,
and in the presence of God,
I happily pronounce you
husband and wife.
You may kiss the bride.
Okay, as best man, it is my duty
to give the bride and groom
the first toast,
so here we go.
Dylan, we've been through a lot
in the last five years,
and I think that this is,
by far,
the smartest thing
I've ever seen you do.
And, Toni,
seeing you marry Dylan
has filled me
with much happiness,
but it has also made me
question your mental health.
Oh, really?
I want to thank you guys
for letting me be a part
of this very special day.
I wish you nothing
but love and happiness.
- Chi n- chi n/
- Sa/ud/
- Cheers!
Cheers!
Okay, it's time to cut the cake.
- Mrs. McKay?
- Nat, can I
steal a moment with
my wife, please, first?
Okay. Come on.
Ah! Well...
I want to know what happened
to your father this morning.
Why didn't he come?
He had a change of heart.
He came over this morning
and asked me not
to go through with it.
Well, that's just
his tough luck, then.
You've made me
a very happy woman.
"Mr. and Mrs. McKay."
- I like the sound of that.
- Me, too.
Oh, that is so sweet.
Yeah.
Ooh.
Wow.
This is beautiful.
You know...
I haven't got to dance
with my wife yet.
I'd love to.
So, how does it feel watching
your best friend get married?
Well, to tell you the truth,
right now I'm feeling
kind of lonely.
How come?
Well, one by one a lot of people
that I love have moved away.
First it was my sister, then
there was Andrea Zuckerman,
then out of the blue,
my parents, and now Dylan.
Well, I'd like to stick
around for a while,
if you don't mind.
Well, I don't think
I'd mind that at all.
Mmm... mm, mm, mm.
It's a hell of a catch, kid.
What are you going
to do with it?
I don't know.
Maybe I should have it bronzed.
You think it means anything?
Yeah, maybe my luck's changing.
I almost got married once.
My high school sweetheart.
Yeah, so, what happened?
I don't know.
After we graduated,
she changed that summer.
She got pretty wild and started
hanging out with a crowd
that I didn't see
eye to eye with.
Well, I have to admit,
I'm kind of glad.
Yeah.
Things have a funny way
of working out for the best.
Yeah.
Hi.
How you doin'?
I'm tired.
It's been one heck of a day.
No, I mean seeing your old
boyfriend get married and all.
I thought it was gonna be hard,
but seeing
the two of them together,
they're just so right
for each other.
It makes me happy for them.
I'm glad.
I'm glad you're glad.
Good morning, wife.
Morning? It's 4:06
in the afternoon.
I love marriage.
I have no complaints either.
Wow, do you hear that?
It sounds like it's gonna rain.
You know what, I like
to do in the rain?
Uh-uh. Why don't you show me?
Someone's at the door.
So, ignore them,
they'll go away.
I think you'd better get it.
I think you're right.
Stay here.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Good afternoon, newlyweds.
May we enter?
If you must.
You really lucked out
with the weather yesterday.
It looks like it's
going to pour any minute.
Here we go.
Good afternoon.
- Good afternoon, Mrs. McKay.
- Good afternoon.
Oh, look at this. This is great.
You guys thought of everything.
This is from your friends
who wish you
a happy life together
and bon voyage.
I'm surprised they didn't each
come and present it
individually.
Look at that fish.
And those bagels.
I can't believe the kitty
cat's not up there already.
Come on, Sanders.
Let's leave
these lovebirds alone.
Good-bye, dear.
Thank you.
Give me some.
- Tell everyone we said thanks,
okay? - I will, take care.
You're too much, man.
Good friends.
- Good friends.
- Yeah.
Oh, this place is busy today.
Hello.
May I speak with my daughter,
please.
She doesn't want
to speak to you.
She doesn't even want
to hear your name mentioned.
I'm hanging up now.
Dylan, wait, listen to me.
I know you were right.
This is going to take
some time to work out.
We need to talk, kid.
We already talked.
Yeah, I know.
We need to talk again.
I made a mistake yesterday.
I want you to come to my office.
I've got a surprise for Toni.
Forget it. Your last surprise
broke her heart.
Whatever you've got,
you know what to do with it.
Dylan, what does he want?
He wants me to come
down to his office.
I'm gonna hang up on him.
- Don't hang up.
- Yes!
What?
Dylan, he's trying.
Just, just go down there.
See what he wants, please.
I'll be there.
Okay, kid.
I'll see you at 6:00.
You did good, boss.
Yeah, well, the kid's a pain,
but I suppose I'm going to have
to get used to it
if I ever want to get to see
my grandchildren.
Uh, could you excuse us, please?
Sure.
The kid's on his way here.
I told him 6:00.
It's done.
Good.
I heard the new son-in-law's
on his way over.
I think the old man
had a change of heart.
- That's nice.
- He's not a bad kid, you know.
Maybe the mister'll
offer him a job.
Yeah, right.
If he makes it alive,
maybe he'll give him a job.
Hey, do you mind
I took the phone off the hook?
So we don't get
any more interruptions.
That's probably a good idea.
- Yeah, come on, sit down.
- Uh-uh.
Come on, your friends went
through all this trouble.
Sit.
I want you to know that whatever
you want is okay with me.
I'm not going to
hold you to anything.
Dylan, I can't wait
till we're on the plane,
and we can... put
all of this behind us.
Mm-hmm. Mm.
Mm, me, too.
- Now let's eat.
- Okay.
Hey, did you see the cat today?
Come to think of it, no.
You know what, I didn't
see her last night either.
I hope she's not
out in the rain.
She'll be fine.
Here, kitty, here,
kitty, kitty, kitty.
- Trouble.
- Here, Trouble.
Come on.
- Come on.
- Come on, kitty.
Here, kitty, kitty,
kitty, kitty.
Here Kitty, kitty, kitty.
Can you go find her?
It's gonna be dark soon.
Yeah, I'll go out
and check the front yard.
I'll bring her back,
I promise.
Good, 'cause you know, we
can't leave town without her.
I love her.
- Yeah.
- Right.
Here, Trouble,
here Trouble, here.
Here Trouble.
Come here.
Peach Pit.
Is Brandon Walsh there?
Yeah, sure, he's here.
Who's calling?
- It's Bruno.
- Oh, hi, Bruno.
Yeah... hang on, right here,
Bruno, what's shaking?
Brandon, I can't reach Dylan.
You've got to find him.
The old man's put a hit on him.
Yeah. I'll get over there
as soon as I can.
Brandon, where're you running?
No luck.
Dylan, we have to find her.
It's cold outside.
It's raining, it's pouring,
she's gonna get sick,
I know. Look, I'll stay
here and find the cat.
So, why don't you go downtown
and see your father,
'cause we got a plane to catch.
All right, as long
as you find the cat.
I will.
But here, wear this.
Tell your father
I said thank you for whatever
it is that he's giving you.
You know something.
You're a hell of a guy.
You know something else?
You are beautiful, but I'm wet.
- I love you.
All right, drive safe.
All right, keys.
- Keys.
- Gotta have 'em.
- Bye.
Damn cat.
Dylan!
- Good, you're here.
- What?
Bruno called me; he told me
not to let you go downtown
to Marchette's.
Something's up.
Toni already left
to go down there, man.
What the hell?
- What happened?
- I don't know.
I-I was just coming
down the street.
I think it was a carjacking.
No!
God! Brandon!
Oh, baby!
Oh, my God!
Oh!
Look what they did
to her, Brandon!
Oh... Oh...
Oh... oh, God!
No matter what
that eyewitness says,
you and I both know those
bullets were not meant for Toni.
Not one word, Brandon.
Not to anybody, you understand?
Why won't you talk
to the police?
Nothing I could say
will bring her back.
You know,
I don't understand you, McKay.
First your father,
now your wife.
You actually going to let
this guy get away with this?
Come on.
Let's get this over with.
How's Dylan holding up?
He's putting up
a pretty good front,
but I think he's about to crack.
She was so beautiful...
how could anyone do this to her?
The Lord is my shepherd;
I shall not want.
He maketh me
lie down in green pastures;
He leadeth me
beside the still waters.
He restoreth my soul;
He leadeth me
in the paths of righteousness
for His name's sake.
Yea, though I walk
through the valley
of the shadow of death,
I will fear no evil;
for Thou art with me;
Thy rod and Thy staff,
they comfort me.
Thou preparest a table before me
in the presence of mine enemies;
Thou anointest my head with oil;
my cup runneth over.
Surely goodness and mercy
shall follow me
all the days of my life;
and I will dwell
in the house
of the Lord forever.
Amen.
Come on, man, let's go.
No.
You get rid of everybody.
I got some unfinished business.
Okay.
If not for you,
I'd still have Antonia.
She didn't have to die.
You killed her.
Go on.
Do it!
Anything I ever had to live for
has been taken from me.
Go on.
You'll be doing me
and yourself a big favor.
No.
My father is gone.
Your daughter is gone.
We're even now.
Killing is done.
Boy, I've seen a lot of bad
things go down in my life,
but never anything like this.
Wonder what Dylan's
gonna do now.
I don't think
he'll be hanging out here
much longer.
Who can blame him?
Well, one thing's for sure...
life is fragile.
And bad things do happen
to good people.
Well, I'm gonna miss him.
Yeah.
We're all gonna miss him, Donna.
Hey, man.
You going somewhere?
Somewhere.
Coming back?
Maybe someday...
maybe not.
I understand.
I know you do.
Lock up the place
for me, will you?
Sure.
I guess I'll see you around.
I guess.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org